I can see you are committed to your current level of understanding. 

I'm jealous of everyone that hasn't met you. 

Thank you for helping me. It was like doing it myself only harder.

I admire your courage to speak in the absence of knowledge. 

Your food for thought leaves everyone hungry. 

Nothing lights up a room like your absence. 

When someone says, do you know who I am? No, but I bet those who do are envious of me. 

I wish I didn't have common sense. You seem so happy. 

It's impossible to underestimate you. 

You've mastered the tone of authority without the inconvenience of depth. 

I refuse to engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed man. 

You're the reason instructions have drawings.

It's interesting what you've done with your education. 

As an outsider, what are your views on intelligence? 

I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you. 

Don't let my knowledge get in the way of your confidence. 

You absolutely light up every room you walk out of.

I admire how you never let evidence interfere with your opinions.

You have a unique way of contributing without adding much.

I can see why that makes sense to you.

You're clearly intelligent it just doesn't show up where it matters.

You have a rare talent for speaking at length without disturbing the facts.

When it comes to thinking: you travel light.

I love how you think outside the box, it's clear no one's ever invited in.

You have a special way of speaking that makes people appreciate your silence.

You're not wrong you're just operating in a different intellectual timezone.

Intelligence pursues you but you appear to be a master of evasion.

Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.

I could explain it to you but I left my crayons at home.

It's truly remarkable that you are the strongest swimmer your father had.

You absolute WiFi-dependent potato. (fill in WiFi-Dependent with anything from their text)

You have the confidence of someone who’s never Googled themselves.

You have the confidence of someone who’s never used Googled before.

Your ignorance is an absolute triumph of human existence.

I have never been so impressed with anyone's ability to be this wrong.

I am honored to witness your impressive lack of understanding.

